Add eventual consistency considerations to Consul migration docs (#3036)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/concepts/integrated-storage/migrate-consul-storage.mdx

Repeat the same workflow to migrate the Vault data to Integrated Storage on the
performance primary (Cluster 1) and its DR secondary (Cluster 3).

## Eventual consistency with performance standby nodes

@include 'alerts/enterprise-and-hcp.mdx'

> Without performance standby nodes, Integrated Storage is strongly consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without performance standby nodes, integrated storage is strongly consistent.
```
Edited to match previous suggestion

Regular standby nodes forward all requests to the active node, so you do not
need to take any additional steps to preserve read-after-write consistency
after migration.

If you use performance standby nodes, the consistency model changes after
migration. Performance standbys serve read-only requests locally from their own
copy of the Raft log. Because writes are applied on the active node and shipped
to other nodes asynchronously, a performance standby can return stale data in

> the window before replication reaches it. Read-after-write consistency is not
> guaranteed — even across requests to the same standby. This behavior does not
> exist with Consul storage and is introduced specifically by Integrated Storage
> with performance standbys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the window before replication reaches it. Vault does not guarantee read-after-write consistency, even across requests to the same standby. Read-after-write inconsistency does not exist with Consul storage, it is a specific consequence of using integrated storage with performance standbys.
```
Edited to match previous suggestion
